[event-hubs] attempt RetryOptions guidelines (#6791)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventhub/event-hubs/README.md

You can use the retry settings to control how quickly you are informed about temporary issues such as a
network connection issue.
For example, if you need to know when there is a network issue right away you can lower the
values for `maxRetries` and `retryDelayInMs`.

After executing the `processError` function, the client invokes the user-provided `processClose` function.
This function is also invoked when either you stop the subscription or when the client stops reading
events from the current partition due to it being picked up by another instance of your application
as part of load balancing.

The `processClose` function provides an opportunity to update checkpoints if needed.
After executing `processClose`, the client (or in the case of load balancing,
a client from another instance of you application) will invoke the user-provided
`processInitialize` function to resume reading events from the last updated checkpoint for the same partition.

If you wish to stop attempting to read events, you must call `close()` on the `subscription` returned
by the `subscribe` method.

#### Retries when producing events

> The `sendBatch` method on `EventHubProducerClient` sends a batch of events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `createBatch` and `sendBatch` methods on `EventHubProducerClient` allow you to create and send a batch of events
```

to an event hub.

If a transient error is encountered while the SDK is creating or sending the batch,
it will retry sending the batch based on the retry options passed into
the `EventHubProducerClient`.

> If the maximum retry attempts are exhaused, the promise returned by `sendBatch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the maximum retry attempts are exhaused, the promise returned by `createBatch` or `sendBatch`
```

- This constructor takes the host name and entity name of your Event Hub instance and credential that implements the TokenCredential interface. This allows you to authenticate using an Azure Active Directory principal. There are implementations of the `TokenCredential` interface available in the [@azure/identity](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/identity) package. The host name is of the format `<yournamespace>.servicebus.windows.net`. When using Azure Active Directory, your principal must be assigned a role which allows access to Event Hubs, such as the Azure Event Hubs Data Owner role. For more information about using Azure Active Directory authorization with Event Hubs, please refer to [the associated documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/event-hubs/authorize-access-azure-active-directory).

### Guidance around retries

> The `EventHubConsumerClient` and `EventHubProducerClient` accept `retryOptions`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `EventHubConsumerClient` and `EventHubProducerClient` accept `options` where you can set the `retryOptions`
```

Reviewer 2: Might be worth mentioning that they're constructor parameters as well. Might be obvious but I had to go look it up just now since both seemed feasible to me.

that allow you to tune how the SDK handles transient errors.
Examples of transient errors include temporary network or service issues.

> #### Consuming events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retries when consuming events
```

> When listening for events via the `subscribe` method on `EventHubConsumerClient`,

Reviewer 2: I think you could clip out the `When listening for events...` all the way up to the start of `If a transient error` and still retain what your meaning.

Author: Yay for brevity! Removed!

> the user-provided `processEvents` function is invoked multiple times.

Reviewer: The `Prior to invoking the user-provided ...` in the next line doesnt read very well. It gets the user thinking of what is before and what is after, which is a complication we can avoid. I would suggest deleting that line, and replacing the above with the below suggestion.

```suggestion
the client reads events from an Event Hub partition and invokes the user-provided
`processEvents` for every batch of events.
```

Prior to invoking the user-provided `processEvents`, the SDK will attempt to
read events from an event hub partition.
If a transient error (e.g. a temporary network issue) is encountered while the SDK is receiving events,
it will retry receiving events based on the retry options passed into the `EventHubConsumerClient`.

> If the maximum retry attempts are exhausted, the user-provided `processError` function will be invoked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the maximum retry attempts are exhausted, the `processError` function will be invoked.
```

You can use the retry settings to control how quickly you are informed about temporary issues such as a
network connection issue.
For example, if you need to know when there is a network issue right away you can lower the
values for `maxRetries` and `retryDelayInMs`.

> This will cause `processError` to be invoked more quickly and gives the user a chance to decide

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will cause `processError` to be invoked earlier and gives you a chance to react to the error.
```

Author: Went with removing this line altogether based on @ramya-rao-a 's comment below.

> This will cause `processError` to be invoked more quickly and gives the user a chance to decide

Reviewer: This line is not needed. The previous line already refers to "right away" and so the indication of "quickness" is already conveyed

Author: Removed!

how to react to the error.

> After `processError` returns, the user-provided `processClose` and `processInitialize` functions will be invoked

Reviewer 2: Basically what we're saying is that we're going to restart their entire subscription? Ie, it's like we're calling subscribe() again on their behalf?

Author: Yes, that's a good point. I'll try to rephrase using that understanding.

Author: Actually reworded based on @ramya-rao-a 's feedback below.

> in an attempt to resume reading events from the partition that failed.

Reviewer: _This makes me wonder why have `processClose` when you have already made me implement `processError`.
How about the below?_

After executing the `processError` function, the client invokes the user-provided `processClose` function.
This function is also invoked when you stop the subscription or when the client itself stops the subscription for
current partition due to it getting picked up by another instance of your application as part of the load balancing.

The `processClose` function gives you an opportunity to update checkpoints if needed, as after executing the `processClose` function, the client (in the case of load balancing, the client from another instance of your application)
will invoke the user-provided `processInitialize` function to resume reading events from the last updated checkpoint
for the same partition.

Reviewer: With the above, you can skip the **Note** in the next line on checkpoints

Author: Reworded based on what you provided and removed the note.

**Note:** When resuming, the SDK will read starting immediately after the last event that was checkpointed using
`updateCheckpoint` for a given partition.

> If you wish to stop attempting to read events, you must call `subscription.close()` on the `subscription` returned

Reviewer 2: docs.microsoft.com link, perhaps?

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@azure/event-hubs/subscription?view=azure-node-preview#close--

Author: Hmm, @ramya-rao-a do we know what the final docs url will look like for event hubs once it goes out of preview? Or is it ok to use the preview links for now and update in the next release after this package is taken out of preview?

Reviewer: Skip the query parameter `view` from the url.
It will get re-directed to the preview as long as the preview exists.
Then, it will get re-directed to the stable version once the stable version exists

Reviewer: For this PR, am ok not using the links. We can do a sweep post this PR

> If you wish to stop attempting to read events, you must call `subscription.close()` on the `subscription` returned

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to stop attempting to read events, you must call `close()` on the `subscription` returned
```

by the `subscribe` method.

> #### Producing events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Retries when producing events
```

The `sendBatch` method on `EventHubProducerClient` sends a batch of events
to an event hub.

> If a transient error is encountered while the SDK is sending the batch,

Reviewer 2: This particular section feels more like doc comment material, rather than being in a readme, mostly because it's how other HTTP libraries work.

Author: Are you suggesting then that we should only talk about retries when consuming events in the readme?

Reviewer: That's a good point. There is nothing out of the ordinary when it comes to retries during sending. I would be ok with only a single section called `Retries when consuming events`

Author: I'll remove the section related to producing events then.

> If a transient error is encountered while the SDK is sending the batch,

Reviewer: Transient errors can occur when creating the batch as well..

Author: Updated to include creating batches as well.
